Allow drafts to be saved in a subfolder of a drafts folder, and check
subfolders for scheduled messages.

Share common code between toolbar and popup.

Send Later 3 should replicate Thunderbird behavior (after confirming
that in fact TB behaves this way) of adding "To:
undisclosed-recipients:;" to messages that are only being BCC'd.

Scheduling entry improvements:

* Add buttons on pop-up to copy current date/time setting to clipboard
  and fetch setting from current clipboard contents, to make it easy
  to schedule multiple messages to be sent at the same time.

* Calendar control pop-up for selecting scheduled date?

* Look into whether it might be possible to use a slider to send the
  scheduled send time instead of drop-downs. (idea from Daniel N. Lang
  [daniel@sonnefueralle.de]).

* Prompt for confirmation if the user tries to "schedule" a message
  but the time specified is now or in the past.

Need to figure out why Enigmail is bypassed when Send Later 3 is
used. UPDATE: It actually appears that in at least in some cases it is
working, but there's another problem -- the timestamp on the digital
signature is when the message was scheduled, not when it gets sent.

Enable the standard "Send Later" button, which is currently only
enabled when working offline.

Fix Send Later 3 to work when Thunderbird is in offline mode.

Investigate why DispMUA 1.6.5 doesn't work in TB2 when Send Later 3 is
installed.

If user has not yet entered master password in current Thunderbird
setting when message is scheduled to be sent, user gets prompted for
it, and if he's not there, the mail won't get sent. Need to look into
prompting for master password if needed when message is
scheduled. Other issue: can't save the password, so what if user
schedules message and then exits Thunderbird and restarts it later
without entering master password? Maybe need to have the backgrounding
process notice that master password is needed and prompt for it
whenever there are scheduled messages.

Two master password prompts on app startup (reported for Postbox,
probably also true for Thunderbird)?

Add section to user guide about how to use Send Later 3 as
BlunderDelay. Even better, make it really easy to use Send Later 3
like BlunderDelay by adding a preference to override the Send button
and Ctrl-Return to automatically delay messages by a fixed amount of
time. Also -- maybe add a menu command to send all scheduled messages
now, and an optional prompt for whether to send scheduled messages
when Thunderbird is closed.

Make the add-on compatible with Tag Toolbar, in particular with
tagging replies / forwards with the same tags as their prior messages.

Make format of Send Later date column configurable, a la
mail.ui.display.dateformat.

If Thunderbird is prompting for email format to use (html or text) for
a particular message, then it prompts twice, once before the Send
Later dialog pops up and once after you click the send button.

Transient notifications when Send Later 3 delivers messages.

Compatibility with "tag toolbar" and "copy send to current":

  Would it be possible to make sendlater "tags" aware? I also
  intensively use the "tag toolbar" and a typical workflow for me is
  to tag an outgoing mail and "copy send to current" copies a copy of
  the sent mail to a special folder.

  If i send the mail immediately the sent mail is copied to the
  special folder and the tags are preserved. If i send the mail using
  "sendlater" the mail gets copied to the special folder too but the
  tags are not preserved.

Shortcut labels should be dynamically generated.

"Is it possible to not have to do sendlater as the last thing?
Currently, once you use send later the msg is saved to drafts folder
and the write window closes. Often I find I am writing something and
think to myself I better put the delay time on now so that I don't
forget and accidentally send it now, but then I have to repoen to
continue and then have the previous problem. It would be nice to be
able to enter the sendlater time, then continue writing and when you
hit send or sendlater buttons it just acts like you've hit the
non-delayed sendnow button, in that it just 'goes away' and does its
thing later"

Interacts badly with "Place replies in the folder of the message being
replied to" option -- messages end up being filed in Inbox. Need to
look into the mechanics of how that option works and see if there's a
way to fix the behavior.

Change the "Send around" button into a button plus a label next to it
to make it clearer that it's a button.

Better user experience when editing a scheduled draft. E.g., should
trying to close the draft window without rescheduling cause a pop-up
asking the user to confirm? The thing we want to avoid is having
someone save an edited, previously scheduled draft, intending for it
to be rescheduled but forgetting to do so.

"It would be nice to be able to specify a random number in a range be
added to the send time for recurring messages. E.g., if the message
was scheduled to be sent at 9am and 10 was specified as the range and
the '+/-' box was checked, then the message would be sent at a random
time between 10 minutes before 9 and 10 minutes after 9. The idea is
to avoid the appearance that the message is being scheduled."

  "I've refined my idea a little. Instead of a check box, it would be a
  radio box with the options +, - and +/-. So, for example, the
  following three scenarios would work: send at a random time at or
  after 9am, send at a random time until 5pm, and send at a random
  time before or after noon."

Options => Delivery Format => Plain Text doesn't work.

Interacs badly with "Send & File" add-on. From a user: ... but it
seems to have a compatibility problem with the "Send & File" 0.3.1
add-on - maybe you've seen this? When I click "File | Send Later", the
Send & File add-on allows me to select which folder I'd like the email
stored, and then the Send Later dialog box prompts me to select when
to send the email.  This works perfectly when I select a custom
date/time or one the presets in Send Later. However, when I click "Put
in Outbox", it prompts me a second time for which folder to store the
email. Do you know whether the output of these actions are treated
differently by Thunderbird?"

It should be possible to enter an end date for recurring messages.

Keep a Send Later log in a file, and add a command to the pop-up menu
to send this log as an attachment to the maintainer. See:
http://protz.github.io/thunderbird-stdlib/doc/symbols/src/_home_nas_gallium_protzenk_Code_gconversation@xulforum.org_modules_stdlib_send.js.html

Allow a message to be scheduled for multiple delivery datetimes, e.g.,
with a '+' button in the send later dialog which causes the dialog to
essentially be "cloned" to allow multiple entry.

--

"Problem is, sometimes when I launch Thunderbird Send Later would try
to send out a number of messages that should have been sent while the
program wasn't running, all at once.

Now, my ISP have very strict antispam rules, and if I try to send a
number of messages all at the same time it'll block my SMTP port for a
while. This means that in those cases I am prevented from sending
additional Emails for a while and I also cannot be sure if some of my
scheduled reminders were actually sent.

My suggestion - Add an option to set a fixed delay between each two
sends (separate from the message's 'Send Later' time), no matter if
its a late or current outgoing Email. If, for example, I can set a 30
seconds or even 1 minute minimal delay between any two sends, my ISP
won't treat the large number of Emails sent out as spamming attempt
and will let this go through."
